# Another set of notes from talking to Kathy


Aus business may also be eligible for grants etc.
especially as Canberra is not a major metro.


already decided not to run as a sole trader.
Get PI insurance before doing any consulting.


Run it as a PTY LTD; limits liability but runs under Corporations act 2001.
Would make me a director; might conflict a little with product role
Might also need other directors.

KR has used Xero since 2016; likes it; also really likes Bendigo.
Low fees, dedicated contact person for that account, etc.

For insurance, don't go with Bendigo; ask around.
Want directors insurance too.



After I get payments working, do some direct outreach and then cut over to
social media promotions.  Have a content plan for that.

Content plans for blog content, for social media, etc.
Goal is to deliberately drive traffic to content on website, thence to signups
i.e. constructing a funnel for different user needs / personas.
and take care to load the relevant content with keywords to attract each audience
(personal note: higher investment passive strategy; go active first)

good images and presentation is important for this.
content is business asset; best-case it gets picked up by tech or business media.
(p.s.: pitching to podcasts and to tech media is potentially very useful)

whitepaper to show discerning eng manager how to reduce TCO or risk, etc.

endorsements - both "used by company X" and "featured in Y"
n.b. T&C should allow me to use company as a user for promotional purposes



Secure social media pages etc.
facebook instagram twitter linkedin reddit github
I will probably want to outsource the social parts.

link shortener to enable social tracking via url params

and think about monitoring "domain authority"; meta-metric for SEO


Start tracking metrics like subscribers etc. mostly domain authority rating
https://ahrefs.com/website-authority-checker
showing monthly growth is useful for exit etc.


Set up some email addresses
hello@  info@  webmaster@  privacy@  abuse@  security@


Get GSuite for emails etc. shortly after setting up banking


Thinking about branding and marketing; visual brand for social media,
website, logo, stickers, etc.  Probably early 2021; get hex and pantone
for print as well as digital.
Also needs a favicon


Should probably have a blog; content marketing for specialist audiences works

Website needs the header bar fixed, and a footer

Run it through a content accessibility checker - https://wave.webaim.org/

